With so many different options for persistence in AWS,
hopefully this module has been enlightening and will help you
to make the best choice for your use case.
Let's recap what we covered in this module.
We started out by going over some fundamental DynamoDB topics
around provisioned throughput and secondary indexes.
Then we created a DynamoDB table with the SDK and
populated it with hamsters and races.
Next, we learned how to retrieve data from the table with queries and scans.
Then we moved on to RDS and created a MySQL database for our user‑related data.
Next,
we created a Redis cluster in ElastiCache and used
it for our user session state.
And finally, we took a look at the limits and restrictions around
each of these services. In the next module,
we're going to look at how to configure different types of external routing using AWS services like Route 53 and API Gateway.